it's as American as the star-spangled
banner and as modern as space-age
engineering its auto racing driven to
the ultimate of power performance and
speed crown international Pictures
presents all the excitement all the
exhaust all the noise
sweat grease girls and glitter of drag
racing at its biased towards Berlin
burnout
Scot Brian his one dream in life was to
drive a top fuel dragster
no chance come on dad all I want to do
is drag race anyway try to do what's
best for you what he really wants to do
is start preparing me to take over the
business what's wrong with that I
wouldn't mind being in love with that
although the biggest company in the city
but for Scott Ryan the only way to get
to the top is to start at the bottom I
want a chance Darryl I just want to
learn to drive look there's more to it
than just getting into that car and
driving a wall worked his way up from
the bottom just like John did and that's
what I want to do I want a chance I want
to try
burnout behind the scenes and behind the
wheel with the greatest drivers the
finest cars the
kid funnies and the most famous drag
strips in America from Seattle to Las
Vegas Valley to Indianapolis from the
Southern California regionals to the US
National
you got your fire suit what you know I
have with my wife we want you to drive
the car my auntie series let's get it
warmed up and get it in line this is the
story of a kid with a high speed drink
Oh